New config flag: `snapshot.prereleaseTemplate`, and make `snapshot` feature stable (#858)
changesets/changesets: .changeset/olive-ducks-camp.md

---
"@changesets/cli": patch
"@changesets/config": patch
---

> Snapshot feature is now stable 🥳 All config parameters are grouped under a single property called `snapshot`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A possibility to use the calculated version for snapshot releases is now stable 🥳 All snapshot-related config parameters are now grouped under a single property called `snapshot`.
```

---
"@changesets/cli": patch
"@changesets/config": patch
---

> **NOTE: BREAKING CHANGE**

Reviewer: Let's not do this as a breaking change. I think that it should be fairly easy to introduce the new `snapshot` option as a **stable** one while still supporting the old experimental flag (just translate it to a new format when loading the config). We could print a deprecation warning with a migration suggestion when we find the old experimental flag.

Reviewer 2: > I think that it should be fairly easy to introduce the new snapshot option as a stable

Just want to explicitly say that I agree that making this stable seems good to me

Author: Sure. I pushed changes to support the previous state (`useCalculatedVersionForSnapshots` under experimental) and also the new state that also makes the snapshot feature stable now (`snapshot.useCalculatedVersion` under the root).
